hi everybody
Brittany welcome to my kitchen so today
I'm going to be making one of my
favorite dishes
it's penne alla vodka this is vodka
cream tomato sauce it's very popular in
New York this recipe was given to me by
a close friend of mine I changed a
little bit of it today I'm not going to
be using prosciutto although normally I
would put prosciutto or pinch up in it
and normally there's going to be sweet
basil in it so it's going to be great
and I hope you give it a try so so the
ingredients we're going to be needing
today are some freshly grated cheese I'm
using pecorino romano today you can use
Locatelli whatever you have some vodka
some garlic some heavy cream some
crushed red chili flakes some tomato
paste one of the large cans of tomatoes
you can either use pureed tomatoes or
whole tomatoes I like whole some butter
some olive oil some salt and fresh basil
make sure you use sweet Italian basil I
don't have basil today so I'm not
putting it in but if you have it that
would be great it really makes the sauce
wonderful so thank you gonna start by
getting a pen nice and hot and you're
going to put some olive oil in the pan
after that you're going to add about
five cloves of garlic slice and also
some crushed red chili flakes to taste I
like a pretty spicy and at this point
normally you would add prosciutto you
would add about five slices of
prosciutto that you had chopped I can't
get prosciutto in Taiwan I can get it
but it's not great quality and it's
really really expensive so I just rather
not even put it in you can also use
pancetta
although I wouldn't use American bacon
because American bacon is smoked and you
don't want that smoky flavor in your
alla vodka sauce okay so once your
garlic is nice and fragrant you're going
to add some tomato paste I'm going to
add about four tablespoons I'm just
eyeballing it okay so I just waited
about two minutes for my for my tomato
paste to get nice and caramelized in the
olive oil and now what I'm going to do
is I'm going to add my whole tomatoes
and I'm going to crush them with my
hands because that's what I like to do
that's what I've always done like I said
before you can use pureed tomatoes you
can use diced tomatoes it's really just
about preference so here goes
[Music]
okay so I have my tomatoes crushed and
the next thing I'm going to do is I'm
going to add a little bit of sugar
because I tasted the sauce and it's a
little acidic so I'm just going to add
like a little handful of sugar not too
much and I'm also going to add some salt
and now I'm going to bring this to a
boil and then I'm going to reduce the
heat to low and I'm going to let it cook
for about 45 minutes so I'll see you
back okay so the sauce has been
simmering for about 45 minutes I checked
for seasoning for salt for sugar and now
what we're going to do is we're going to
add the vodka the heavy cream the butter
and the cheese okay so this is a pretty
fattening dish but it's really good
so you just add the busca right in and
you're going to add 3/4 cups of heavy
cream okay
you're going to add in about a half a
cup of cheese
and this is freshly grated pecorino
romano try to get good quality cheese
and you are going to add in about two
tablespoons of butter so give that all a
mix and you're going to let this simmer
bring it to a boil and then reduce it to
low cover it and simmer it for another
20 minutes and then it should be ready
okay so it's been about 25 minutes and
my sauce is done I checked too I gave it
a taste and made sure that all the vodka
was cooked out of it so there's no more
alcohol flavor you're just left with
this really nice very rich smooth sauce
and then the last thing you have to do
is you just bring your penne pasta or
rigatoni pasta whatever you prefer to a
boil and you add it and you top it off
with some grated cheese and you're ready
to go so I'll be back for the plating I
didn't really think I was going to
follow